Bump to build-tools 35.0.2 (#16)
ReVanced/aapt2: README.md

# Aapt2 package build workflow

> [![build workflow](../../actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/release.yml)

Reviewer: Cool idea with the relative path, could apply to other repos
```suggestion
[![Release workflow](../../actions/workflows/r
elease.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/release.yml)
```

# Aapt2 package build workflow

[![Release workflow](../../actions/workflows/r

> elease.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/release.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Release workflow](../../actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](../../actions/workflows/release.yml)
```

This repo is based on the work of lzhiyong at https://github.com/lzhiyong/android-sdk-tools and the modification of aapt by IBotPeaches for apktool: https://github.com/aosp-mirror/platform_frameworks_base/compare/main...iBotPeaches:platform_frameworks_base:apktool_14.0.0

> Building platform-tools and build-tools for Android, such as `aapt aapt2 aidl zipalign adb fastboot` ... etc.

Reviewer: This repo should be soly for AAPT2's build purposes though

If you need other tools, please refer to existing tools to add CMake file.

> Currently, only aarch64 has been tested, and it is not guaranteed to work for other architectures.

Reviewer: ARMv7 support was present previously. This is a regression.

> In order to save storage and bandwidth, I have removed all submodules and no longer provide source code compressed packages.

Reviewer: You can clone with depth 0 to only fetch heads instead of the full history. The repo should check sources in VCS. Fetching sources is a git job not the build systems.

I believe that as long as you have the C/C++ and CMake foundation, it can be easily solved by referring to the patch files.

 **** 
 
### How to build

> First, we need to use `get_source.py` to clone the source code of all repositories.

Reviewer: This is a concern of git. Submodules should be used.

Please note that patch files only apply to specific branches or tags, so we may need to patch manually.

```bash
# default is master branch
python get_source.py

# specific branches or tags
python get_source.py --tags platform-tools-35.0.2

# or tags xxx
# see available tags https://android.googlesource.com/platform/frameworks/base/+refs
python get_source.py --tags xxx

```

 **** 

> Second, we need to build `protobuf` for the host OS which will be used to generate the required sources.

Reviewer: Isn't there a package for ubuntu we can install/use without having to build it ourselves?

[![build workflow](https://github.com/revanced/aapt2/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/revanced/aapt2/actions/workflows/build.yml)

This repository contains a workflow to build the aapt2 binaries for Android.

# Build aapt2
## Fetch submodules

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build

## Fetch submodules
```bash
```

> git submodule update --init --recursive --depth 1

Reviewer: Can just be a clone with submodules and depth 1 initially

```

> ## Apply patch

Reviewer: What was the reason for patch being a separate step?

```bash
bash ./patch.sh
```

> ## Build protoc

Reviewer: This should be a dependency to install like in the workflows

```bash
mkdir -p src/protobuf/build
pushd src/protobuf/build
cmake -GNinja -Dprotobuf_BUILD_TESTS=OFF ..
ninja -j$(nproc --all)

> popd

Reviewer: You can use 

cd
cd -

instead of pushd and popd

```

## Build the binary

> Supported arch are 'x86_64', 'x86', 'arm64-v8a' & 'armeabi-v7a'

Reviewer: After markdown titles a space should be added

```suggestion

Supported arch are 'x86_64', 'x86', 'arm64-v8a' & 'armeabi-v7a'
```

```bash

> ANDROID_NDK="$HOME/Android/Sdk/ndk/" PROTOC_PATH="$PWD/src/protobuf/build/protoc" bash ./build.sh arm64-v8a  # output in build/$arch/bin/aapt-*

Reviewer: cant PROTOC_PATH be unset by default/use system protoc?

> ANDROID_NDK="$HOME/Android/Sdk/ndk/" PROTOC_PATH="$PWD/src/protobuf/build/protoc" bash ./build.sh arm64-v8a  # output in build/$arch/bin/aapt-*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ANDROID_NDK="$HOME/Android/Sdk/ndk/" PROTOC_PATH="$PWD/src/protobuf/build/protoc" bash ./build.sh arm64-v8a  # Build output in build/$arch/bin/aapt-*
```

```

> # Resources

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
# Credits

```

> This repository is based on the works of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is made with the help of:
```
